Add a monitor service & change threads property (#2065)
hashgraph/hedera-mirror-node: docs/monitor.md

### Publish

The monitor can be configured to publish multiple transaction types concurrently. It does this by specifying a list of

> scenarios that should actively publish. A unique scenario name is used as a label for logs, metrics and the REST API so

Author: Gah, the feared Oxford comma comment. Updated.

that each scenario can be monitored separately. Each scenario has a target transactions per second (TPS) and uses a

> client side rate limiter to achieve the desired rate. Additionally, a percentage of receipts or records can be requested

Author: Updated

for each transaction to verify transactions are reaching consensus.

> The monitor can be used to publish at a very high TPS, with a single monitor able to max out the current capability of

Reviewer: We probably shouldn't say "max out current capability" since it would eventually be outdated. If we have a reliable max we should say something like the below. If not just leave the sentence out
```suggestion
The monitor can be used to publish at a very high TPS, with a single monitor able to achieve 10K TPS on
```

Author: Updated

subscribers for that scenario.

## REST API

The monitor REST API provides a way to query the status of the scenarios currently publishing and subscribing to various
Hedera APIs. The monitor [OpenAPI](https://www.openapis.org) specification is available at `/api/v1/docs/openapi`
and `/api/v1/docs/openapi.yaml`. The [Swagger UI](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-ui) is also available
at `/api/v1/docs`. This UI provides a form of documentation, and an interactive way to explore the monitor's REST API.

### Get Subscribers

Lists all subscriber scenarios. If no scenarios can be found with the given input a 404 status code will be returned.
A `protocol` and `status` query parameter can be optionally supplied. The `protocol` query parameter can be
either `GRPC` or `REST`. The `status` flag can be one of the below:

- `COMPLETED`: The scenario has completed normally due to reaching the configured duration or limit
- `IDLE`: The scenario has not completed but is not currently receiving any responses
- `RUNNING`: The scenario is still actively receiving responses

`GET /api/v1/subscriber`

Example response:

```json
[
  {
    "count": 74,
    "status": "RUNNING",
    "errors": {},

>     "elapsed": "PT12M14.906846353S",

Reviewer: We should use a nicer format like "**H:mm:ss**" or similar

Author: This format was set in the previous PR, just documenting it here. But this format is the standard ISO-8601 format as returned by `Duration.toString()` and allows clients to easily parse it using `Duration.parse()` or any time library that understands that standard. That said, I am open to changing it since I don't like that it doesn't roll up hours into days but it shouldn't be done as part of this PR.

Reviewer: Agreed it can be done in another PR
